# Privacy Policy

*Last updated 9 January 2018*

Electric Bolt is a New Zealand registered, limited liability company and is bound by the Privacy Act of 1993 (the 'Act'). Electric Bolt is deemed an agency under the Act. We understand the need to safeguard your personal information and respect your rights under the Act.

From time to time when you visit [www.electricbolt.co.nz](http://www.electricbolt.co.nz) (the 'Site'), or use Appfigurate™ (the 'App'), we collect, retain and use information about you that we consider will help us to operate our business and provide you with relevant services and information.

##### Who are 'We'?
In this Privacy Policy, all references to 'we', 'our', and 'us' refer to Electric Bolt.

##### Information Collected
We use 3rd party analytics software 'Google Analytics' when you visit the Site or use our App. The types of information collected are:

* The type of device or browser you used.
* The date and time of your visit.
* The address of any web site that referred you to the Site.
* Your device's IP address.
* Any URL of the pages on the Site you browsed to.
* Any URL schemes entered into the App.
* Any screens used in the App. 

##### How We Use Your Information
We will not sell, give away or publish your information. We only use the information that you have provided for statistical analysis.

##### Cookies
'Cookies' are pieces of user-specific information generated by a web server and stored in the user's computer, ready for future access. A cookie does not provide us with personally identifiable information. Cookies are collected on this Site by our third-party analytics provider 'Google Analytics'.

##### Modification
We may add to, remove or change the provisions of this Privacy Policy from time to time. All additions and changes will be notified to you by being posted on this page. It is your responsibility to refer to these additions and changes.
